Update EM graph docs for My Access APIs (#11258)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accesspackageassignment-filterbycurrentuser.md

---
title: "accessPackageAssignment: FilterByCurrentUser"
description: "Retrieve a list of accesspackageassignment objects filtered on currently-logged-in user."
localization_priority: Normal
author: "sbounouh"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# accessPackageAssignment: FilterByCurrentUser
Namespace: microsoft.graph

In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), retrieve a list of [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) objects filtered on currently-logged-in user. The resulting list includes all the assignments, current and as well as expired, that the caller is assigned to, across all catalogs and access packages.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from most to least privileged)|
|:---|:---|

> |Delegated (work or school account)|EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All|

Reviewer: is the EntitlementManagement.Read.All delegated permission also supported?

|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Not supported.|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /identityGovernance/entitlementManagement/accessPackageAssignments/FilterByCurrentUser
```

## Function parameters
In the request URL, provide the following query parameters with values.
The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this function.

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |on|String|The list of options that can be used to filter on current user. This parameter can take 3 values: `target`, `createdBy` |

Reviewer: only 2 values are shown not 3

`target` is used to get the `accessPackageAssignment` objects where the currently-logged-in user is the target, `createdBy` is used to get the `accessPackageAssignment` objects created by the currently-logged-in user.

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

> If successful, this function returns a `200 OK` response code and a [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) collection in the response body.

Reviewer: What is the behavior if there are many (100s)?  Does it switch to OData paging or return all the matching objects?  If  requires paging then should call that out in the article so the implementors knows to expect odata.next.

Reviewer: For instance you could add to the description something like this:
```
When a result set spans multiple pages, Microsoft Graph returns that page with an `@odata.nextLink` property in the response that contains a URL to the next page of results. If that property is present, continue making additional requests with the `@odata.nextLink` URL in each response, until all the results are returned, as described in [paging Microsoft Graph data in your app](/graph/paging.md).
```

---
title: "accessPackageAssignment: FilterByCurrentUser"
description: "Retrieve a list of accesspackageassignment objects filtered on currently-logged-in user."
localization_priority: Normal
author: "sbounouh"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# accessPackageAssignment: FilterByCurrentUser
Namespace: microsoft.graph

> In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), retrieve a list of [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) objects filtered on currently-logged-in user.

Reviewer 2: When referring to the product name, the words should be capitalized:  Azure AD Entitlement Management. 
Also, we use signed-in rather than logged-in.

In [Azure AD Entitlement Management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), retrieve a list of [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) objects filtered on the signed-in user.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

> |Permission type|Permissions (from most to least privileged)|

Reviewer 2: Unfortunately, the stub generator produces incorrect text in the table header. It should be: (from least to most privileged)

|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|EntitlementManagement.Read.All, EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Not supported.|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /identityGovernance/entitlementManagement/accessPackageAssignments/FilterByCurrentUser
```

## Function parameters

> In the request URL, provide the following query parameters with values.

Reviewer 2: The first sentence isn't  needed.

The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this function.

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|on|String|The list of options that can be used to filter on current user. This parameter can take 2 values: `target`, `createdBy`.|

> - `target` is used to get the `accessPackageAssignment` objects where the currently-logged-in user is the target.The resulting list includes all the assignments, current and expired, that the caller has across all catalogs and access packages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `target` is used to get the `accessPackageAssignment` objects where the signed-in user is the target. The resulting list includes all of the assignments, current and expired, that the caller has across all catalogs and access packages.
```

> - `createdBy` is used to get the `accessPackageAssignment` objects created by the currently-logged-in user.The resulting list includes all the assignments that the caller has created for themselves or on behalf of others (such as in case of admin direct assignment), across all catalogs and access packages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `createdBy` is used to get the `accessPackageAssignment` objects created by the signed-in user. The resulting list includes all of the assignments that the caller has created for themselves or on behalf of others (such as in case of admin direct assignment), across all catalogs and access packages.
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

> If successful, this function returns a `200 OK` response code and a [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) collection in the response body.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) collection in the response body.
```

## Examples

### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "accesspackageassignment_filterbycurrentuser"
}
-->
``` http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/identityGovernance/entitlementManagement/accessPackageAssignments/FilterByCurrentUser(on='parameterValue')
```

### Response
**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.accessPackageAssignment)"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {

>       "id": "String (identifier)",

Reviewer 2: The example should show  a real world example of the response. I would suggest calling the operation in Graph Explorer and copy the response here.
